Glory be to You O Allah!. Exalted are You O Beneficent!, Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!

Glory be to You O Merciful!, Exalted are You O Generous! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Sovereign!, Exalted are You O Master!, Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Holy!, Exalted are You O Peace! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Source of security!, Exalted are You O Loving Protector! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Glorious! Exalted are You O Omnipotent! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!, Glory be to You O Proud!, Exalted are You O Dominant Helper! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Creator! Exalted are You O Maker! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Fashioner! Exalted are You O Pre-ordainer! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Guide! Exalted are You O Ever-Living! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Liberal! Exalted are You O to Whom return all repentant Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Liberator! Exalted are You O Comforter! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!
Glory be to You O Chief! Exalted are You O Liege-Lord! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Near! Exalted are You O Preserver! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Originator! Exalted are You O Resurrector! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Praiseworthy! Exalted are You O Glorified! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Eternal! Exalted are You O Mighty! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Very Forgiving! Exalted are You O Appreciator! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Ever-present! Exalted are You O Witness! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Compassionate! Exalted are You O Kind! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Causer! Exalted are You O Lord-possessor! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Vivifying! Exalted are You O Annihilator! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Loving! Exalted are You O Helping Friend! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Companion! Exalted are You O Familiar! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Magnificent! Exalted are You O Elegant! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O All-knowing! Exalted are You O All-seeing! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!
Glory be to You O Benevolent! Exalted are You O Possessor of fortune! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Adored! Exalted are You O Ever-Existing! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Forgiver! Exalted are You O Subduer! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Rememberable! Exalted are You O Thank-worthy! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Liberal Bestower! Exalted are You O Whom everything returns to! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Pure Beauty! Exalted are You O Majesty! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Ever-foremost! Exalted are You O Giver of Livelihood! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Truthful! Exalted are You O Splitter! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Hearer! Exalted are You O Quick! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Sublime! Exalted are You O Original Inventor! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Perpetrator! Exalted are You O Most High! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Judge!, Exalted are You O Consenting! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Conqueror! Exalted are You O Pure! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O All-Knowing! Exalted are You O Ruler! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Ever-Lasting! Exalted are You O Ever-enduring! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Defended! Exalted are You O Distributer! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Independent! Exalted are You O Enricher! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!

Glory be to You O True to His word! Exalted are You O Strong! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Self-sufficient! Exalted are You O Effective Restorer of health! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Leader! Exalted are You O Conclusion! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O First! Exalted are You O Eternal Last! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Evident! Exalted are You O Hidden! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Hope! Exalted are You O Who is invoked! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Lord of Favors! Exalted are You O Lord of Bounties! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Ever-Alive! Exalted are You O Ever-Durable! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O One! Exalted are You O Unique! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Chief! Exalted are You O Self-Subsisting! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Able to do (Everything)! Exalted are You O Great! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Governor! Exalted are You O Exalted! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Most High! Exalted are You O Supreme! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Friend! Exalted are You O Master! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!

Glory be to You O Resolute! Exalted are You O Foremost Creator! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Mortifying! Exalted are You O Deliverer! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Who throws down! Exalted are You O Gatherer! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Who does Honor! Exalted are You O Subduer! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Guardian! Exalted are You O Defending Administrator! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Capable Power! Exalted are You O Impenetrable! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Wise! Exalted are You O Forbearing! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Authority! Exalted are You O All-wise! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Liberal Giver! Exalted are You O Preventer! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Who brings about distress! Exalted are You O Who allows gains! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Who comes to help! Exalted are You O Reckoner! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Just! Exalted are You O Distinguisher! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Subtle! Exalted are You O Noble! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Lord! Exalted are You O Truth! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!

Glory be to You O Splendid! Exalted are You O Author! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Granter of amnesty! Exalted are You O Avenger! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Bountiful! Exalted are You O Plentiful! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Clement! Exalted are You O Affectionate! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Alone! Exalted are You O Single! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Over-Seer ! Exalted are You O Who surrounds everything! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Protecting Advocate! Exalted are You O Justice! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Manifest! Exalted are You O Persevering! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Benign! Exalted are You O Beloved One! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Who guides on the right path! Exalted are You O Who leads on to the true path! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Light! Exalted are You O Illuminator! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Ally! Exalted are You O Helper! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Patient! Exalted are You O Enduring! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Who takes away! Exalted are You O Who brings about! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Glorious ! Exalted are You O Requiter! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Who gives help! Exalted are You O Who is called for help! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,

Glory be to You O Splitter! Exalted are You O Ever-Present! Keep us safe from the everlasting fire O Giver of Refuge!,
Glory be to You O Lord of Honor and Grace! Exalted are You O Lord of Might and Majesty.

Glory be to You, there is no god but You, "So We heard his prayer and saved him from the anguish, thus We save believers."
Blessings of Allah be on our chief, Muhammad and his Household, one and all. (All) praise be to Allah the Lord of the worlds. Sufficient for us is Allah. He is the Best Protector. There is no power and no might except (with) Allah, the High, the Great.?